src/README.md, before:

# English Language Module for datatool v3.0+

Version %%VERSION%% (%%DATE%%)

Author: Nicola L. C. Talbot [dickimaw-books.com](https://www.dickimaw-books.com/)

Licence: LPPL

Required Packages: 
[datatool](https://ctan.org/pkg/datatool) (3.0+),
[tracklang](https://ctan.org/pkg/tracklang) (1.6.4+)

Provides English language localisation support for
the `datatool` package. Encoding support for UTF-8 and ISO-8859-1
(Latin 1). Any other encoding will be treated as US-ASCII.
The `*.ldf` files should all be placed on TeX's path.

These files don't require any explicit loading. They will
automatically be input by `datatool-base.sty` (or relevant
supplementary package) if they are found and required by the
`tracklang` localisation settings. See the `datatool` and `tracklang` user
manuals for further details.

This bundle is specific to language support or particular 
language+region combinations where the region default depends on the
language.
Region files (such as `datatool-GB.ldf`) are provided with `datatool-regions`
which needs to be installed separately. This separation allows
arbitrary mix of language and region.

Example:
```latex
\documentclass[en-GB]{article}
\usepackage{datatool-base}% v3.0
\newcommand{\mylist}{élan,elephant,élite,elk}
\begin{document}
Currency: \DTLdecimaltocurrency{1234.56}{\result}\result.

Original list: \DTLformatlist{\mylist}

\DTLsortwordlist{\mylist}{\DTLsortwordcasehandler}
Sorted list: \DTLformatlist{\mylist}
\end{document}
```

If ``datatool-english`` is correctly installed, the result will be:

 > Currency: £1,234.56.  
 > Original list: élan, elephant, élite and elk  
 > Sorted list: élan, elephant, élite and elk

Otherwise the result will be:

 > Currency: £1,234.56.  
 > Original list: élan, elephant, élite & elk  
 > Sorted list: elephant, elk, élan & élite

(This assumes the region file `datatool-GB.ldf` provided with
`datatool-regions` is also installed.)

The language doesn't need to be an official language for the region.
For example:
```latex
\documentclass{article}
\usepackage[locales={en-BE}]{datatool-base}% v3.0
\newcommand{\mylist}{élan,elephant,élite,elk}
\begin{document}
Currency: \DTLdecimaltocurrency{1234.56}{\result}\result.

Original list: \DTLformatlist{\mylist}

\DTLsortwordlist{\mylist}{\DTLsortwordcasehandler}
Sorted list: \DTLformatlist{\mylist}
\end{document}
```
If both `datatool-english.ldf` (provided with this bundle) and 
`datatool-BE.ldf` (provided with `datatool-regions`) are installed,
the result will be:

 > Currency: €1.234,56.  
 > Original list: élan, elephant, élite and elk  
 > Sorted list: élan, elephant, élite and elk

See also "Localisation with tracklang.tex"
https://www.dickimaw-books.com/latex/tracklang

This material is subject to the LaTeX Project Public License.
See http://www.ctan.org/license/lppl1.3 for the details of that
license.

Commit message:

added Old English (Anglo-Saxon)

src/README.md, after:

# English Language Module for datatool v3.0+

Version %%VERSION%% (%%DATE%%)

Author: Nicola L. C. Talbot [dickimaw-books.com](https://www.dickimaw-books.com/)

Licence: LPPL

Required Packages: 
[datatool](https://ctan.org/pkg/datatool) (3.0+),
[tracklang](https://ctan.org/pkg/tracklang) (1.6.4+)

Provides English language localisation support for
the `datatool` package. Encoding support for UTF-8 and ISO-8859-1
(Latin 1). Any other encoding will be treated as US-ASCII.
The `*.ldf` files should all be placed on TeX's path.

These files don't require any explicit loading. They will
automatically be input by `datatool-base.sty` (or relevant
supplementary package) if they are found and required by the
`tracklang` localisation settings. See the `datatool` and `tracklang` user
manuals for further details.

This bundle is specific to language support or particular 
language+region combinations where the region default depends on the
language.
Region files (such as `datatool-GB.ldf`) are provided with `datatool-regions`
which needs to be installed separately. This separation allows
arbitrary mix of language and region.

Example:
```latex
\documentclass[en-GB]{article}
\usepackage{datatool-base}% v3.0
\newcommand{\mylist}{élan,elephant,élite,elk}
\begin{document}
Currency: \DTLdecimaltocurrency{1234.56}{\result}\result.

Original list: \DTLformatlist{\mylist}

\DTLsortwordlist{\mylist}{\DTLsortwordcasehandler}
Sorted list: \DTLformatlist{\mylist}
\end{document}
```

If ``datatool-english`` is correctly installed, the result will be:

 > Currency: £1,234.56.  
 > Original list: élan, elephant, élite and elk  
 > Sorted list: élan, elephant, élite and elk

Otherwise the result will be:

 > Currency: £1,234.56.  
 > Original list: élan, elephant, élite & elk  
 > Sorted list: elephant, elk, élan & élite

(This assumes the region file `datatool-GB.ldf` provided with
`datatool-regions` is also installed.)

The language doesn't need to be an official language for the region.
For example:
```latex
\documentclass{article}
\usepackage[locales={en-BE}]{datatool-base}% v3.0
\newcommand{\mylist}{élan,elephant,élite,elk}
\begin{document}
Currency: \DTLdecimaltocurrency{1234.56}{\result}\result.

Original list: \DTLformatlist{\mylist}

\DTLsortwordlist{\mylist}{\DTLsortwordcasehandler}
Sorted list: \DTLformatlist{\mylist}
\end{document}
```
If both `datatool-english.ldf` (provided with this bundle) and 
`datatool-BE.ldf` (provided with `datatool-regions`) are installed,
the result will be:

 > Currency: €1.234,56.  
 > Original list: élan, elephant, élite and elk  
 > Sorted list: élan, elephant, élite and elk

See also "Localisation with tracklang.tex"
https://www.dickimaw-books.com/latex/tracklang

This bundle also includes limited support for Old English
(Anglo-Saxon) mainly to provide an example for a language that has
multiple scripts (in this case, Latin and Runic). The language codes
are `ang-Latn` for Anglo-Saxon Latin Script and `ang-Runr`
for Anglo-Saxon Runic Script. There's only support for UTF-8.

This material is subject to the LaTeX Project Public License.
See http://www.ctan.org/license/lppl1.3 for the details of that
license.
